# TeX Processing
https://judge.hkoi.org/task/01001

 
You have a text only file containing at most 256 lines, as source or input, and you want to use TEX to beautify it.

You are to write a program that will convert the text with double-quotes(") into an identical text except that double quotes have been replaced by the two-character sequences required by TEX for delimiting quotations with oriented double-quotes.

The double-quote(") characters should be replaced appropriately by proper double single quotes depending on whether it is an opening or closing quotation mark. Question of nested quotations does not arise.

Rules:
The first double-quote(") must be replaced by (``), the next by (''), the next by (``), the next by (''), and so on.
An opening double quote must have its closing quote in the same paragraph. If a match is not found in the same paragraph for an opening quote, it has to be deleted.
Paragraph ends in the source text are marked either by at least one blank line, or a \par command or both. It is assumed that each paragraph has at most 1000 characters.
Your program must also be careful about commands starting with ``\'' character(without the quotes) which is used to produce umlaut or dieresis(ä). These are to be left untouched.

Note: You may assume that, irrespect of characters ahead and behind, four consecutive characters that read \par are always a new paragraph command. Also true for the \endinput and \" commands.

Input  
Read your input from standard input. Input will consist of several lines of text containing a number of double quotes("), as well as some TEX commands. End of file will be marked by an \endinput command.

Output  
Output will be an exact replica of the input to standard output, except the double quotes are to be modified according to the rules described above.

樣例
1
```in
There is no "q in this sentence. \par
"Talk child," said the unicorn.
She s\"aid, "\thinspace `Enough!', he said."
\endinput
```
```out
There is no q in this sentence. \par
``Talk child,'' said the unicorn.
She s\"aid, ``\thinspace `Enough!', he said.''
\endinput
```
