https://judge.hkoi.org/task/01000

Write a program that carries out these edits. The program will read in a string and a command to perform on that string. The string is delimited by quotation marks and can contain letters, digits, spaces and punctuation.

Note: spaces in the strings should be considered significant. The strings have a maximum length of 40 characters. They will not contain quotation marks.

Commands:

Cut <str> Remove the first occurrence of str in string. If str is not found, the string should remain unchanged.

Append <str> Append str to the end of the string.

Insert <pos> <str> Insert str before the charater at position pos. Pos is an integer index in string, with the first character being position 1.

Replace <str> <new-str> Replace the first occurence of str with new-str in string. If str is not found, the string should remain unchanged.

Input  
The first line of input will contain an interger N, the number of commands to process. The next N lines will each contain a string and a valid command to perform on that string, with entities separated by spaces. All strings will be surrounded by quotation marks.

Output  
For each command, print the label ``Command #x'', where x is the number of the current command(starting at 1). Then print the result of the amended string, surrounded by quotations marks.

#樣例
1
```in
5
"Music is my very forte" Cut "very "
"Oh when the saints go marching" Append " in"
"I to be in the number" Insert 3 "want "
"See spot run" Replace "spot" "Spot"
"Run Spot run" Cut "doesn't exist"
```
```out
Command #1: "Music is my forte"
Command #2: "Oh when the saints go marching in"
Command #3: "I want to be in the number"
Command #4: "See Spot run"
Command #5: "Run Spot run"
```
